Fix semconv generation to include Attr helpers for required attributes on observable instruments (#8361)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-go: CHANGELOG.md

- Drop conflicting scope attributes named `name`, `version`, or `schema_url` from metric labels in `go.opentelemetry.io/otel/exporters/prometheus`, preserving the dedicated `otel_scope_name`, `otel_scope_version`, and `otel_scope_schema_url` labels. (#8264)
- Close schema files opened by `ParseFile` in `go.opentelemetry.io/otel/schema/v1.0` and `go.opentelemetry.io/otel/schema/v1.1`. ([GHSA-995v-fvrw-c78m](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-go/security/advisories/GHSA-995v-fvrw-c78m))
- Enforce the 8192-byte baggage size limit during extraction/parsing, changing behavior when the limit is exceeded in `go.opentelemetry.io/otel/baggage` and `go.opentelemetry.io/otel/propagation`. (#8222)

> - Fix `semconv` generation to include `Attr*` helper methods for required attributes on observable instruments. (#8357)

Author: ```suggestion
- Fix `go.opentelemetry.io/otel/semconv/v1.41.0` to include `Attr*` helper methods for required attributes on observable instruments. (#8357)
```

> - Fix `go.opentelemetry.io/otel/semconv/v1.41.0` to include `Attr*` helper methods for required attributes on observable instruments. (#8357)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix `go.opentelemetry.io/otel/semconv/v1.41.0` to include `Attr*` helper methods for required attributes on observable instruments. (#8361)
```
